Privacy Policy
Effective 27th of June 2020

Your Privacy Matters
All In’s mission is to create and build communities around live events. Key to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect from you, how it is used, and with whom it is shared.

Our Privacy Policy applies to any registered users (“Users”) to our All In app. All In (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.

Information We Collect
We collect the following types of information:

Information from you

Your username, email address, and password when you register for an All In account
User content (e.g. rooms you create, messages you send, user-generated questions) that you send while using All In
Communications between you and All In. For example, we may send you app-related emails (e.g. account verification, changes/updates to features, feedback)
Service use

We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our services, including our websites and apps, such as when you view or click on content or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, or install or update one of our mobile apps.
Messages

We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages. For example, if you get a friend request, we track whether you have acted on it and will send you reminders.
Analytics

The application is using Google Analytics to collect anonymous (none personally identifiable information or sensitive personal information) user behavior information for the purpose of improving the user experience.
This information is transmitted and kept on Google Analytics servers, and reports are checked by our product developers to decide which features to work on.
To learn more check out Google's privacy policy (https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
Crash reports

The application is using a crash reporting tool, Crashlytics, a business division of Google Inc., to send our developers information about bugs and crashes that users experience.
The Services automatically collect certain information that does not personally identify End Users who access or use mobile applications that use the Services.
This information includes, but is not limited to, device state information, unique device identifiers, device hardware and OS information, information relating to how an application functions, and the physical location of a device at the time of a crash.
To learn more check out Crashlytics' privacy policy (http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/)
How we collect your data
Information that you give us:

Typically the information that we collect directly from you are your user account details, the messages you send, the rooms you create, and the users you add as friends. You decide how much information to share with us in most cases, but not sharing required information may limit your ability to engage in certain activities.

Information collected automatically:

When you use or interact with our site or services, we receive and store information generated by your activity. We also may log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit. In most cases, this information is generated by various tracking technologies. We use log-ins, cookies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.

How we use your data
To run our app

Authenticate your account
Send your messages
Run our leaderboards
Use our algorithm to determine the best room to put you in
Calculate total points awarded and find winners
Connect you with friends
Allow you to make your own private room
Communicate about, and administer participation in, special events, programs, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, and other offers and promotions
Prevent, detect, identify, investigate, and respond to potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited behavior, and criminal activity
Comply with and enforce legal rights, requirements, agreements, and policies
Improve our service

Analyze your behavior to measure, customize, and improve our service
Provide customer support, troubleshoot issues, manage subscriptions, and respond to requests, questions, and comments
Conduct market and consumer research and trend analyses
Children’s Privacy Policy

We do not knowingly collect, and do not wish to collect, information about children. Please do not use our applications if you are under the relevant age, or without an adult reading and accepting the Privacy Policy for you. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the relevant age set out above, please contact us by email. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the relevant age set out above, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.

Mailing Policy

When you send us an email, we use your email address to thank you for your comment and/or reply to your question, and we will store your communication and our reply for any future correspondence. When you accept information about our services, promotions, newsletters, press releases, and/or new offers, we use your email address you give us to provide you with the information or other services, until you ask us to stop (sending us an email communication).

Data Retention

All In will keep your Personal Data for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Notice, namely (i) for as long as you are a registered user of our products or (ii) for as long as your Personal Data are necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Notice, for which we have a valid legal basis or (iii) for as long as is reasonably necessary for business purposes related to provision of the Services.

Your Consent

By Downloading and using this application you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. You can withdraw your consent to this by uninstalling the application.
